cloud: update doc for left navigation (#11568)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md

To view the metrics on the Monitoring page, take the following steps:

1. In the TiDB Cloud console, navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and choose your target project on the top of the left navigation bar.
2. Click the name of the target cluster. The cluster overview page is displayed.

> 3. Click the **Monitoring** tab on the left navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **Monitoring** tab on the left navigation.

```

To view the metrics on the Monitoring page, take the following steps:

1. On the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, click the name of the target cluster. The cluster overview page is displayed.

> 2. Click the **Monitoring** tab on the left navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Hover on the left navigation bar and click **Monitoring**.
```
